
12-12-2024 to 17-122024

## Notes
Things to do in 3D:

- Stick connected to servo wing (Take pierre's model)
- Platform that is stuck on top of the stick (to be glued?) (keep it simple actually. no need to make modular pieces yet)
- Base module  (including: slot for cable to be pinched in, space for servo cables, rounded base, rounded top, clipping connections between the two, space for counterweight at the bottom, space for servo to be drilled into place? Un cadre peut-être?)
- Worst case scenario  you can 3D print all this tonight or tomorrow. Don't fret

# Things to do:

~~- Visualise dead zones in webcam~~
~~- Finish programming servo behaviour~~ ~~and fix up the servo mechanism (just unscrew a servo and screw it on girl)~~
~~- Optional: Maybe increase the movement speed during high intensity movements?) ~~ 

~~- Glue the triangles ~~
- Glue the sticks and pin them to the servo motor
- Run tests with everything together
- Another test with everything on the ground
~~- 3D print another thingy for the machinery?~~

~~- Improve latency on raspberry pi? (Probably impossible unless I use a Pi 5)~~

- Develop a method for the servo movements. Robot should be erratic if too many or too quick movements are observed, should be calm when minimal movements are observed, and silent when no movements are observed. If Erratic movements, then user should "soothe" the robot with calm movements. Find soothing mechanisms


State machine goes like

Observe for a period of time --> Move (observation stops when movement is initiated ) --->  Type of movements ---> Calm vs erratic ---> Waiting for reaction ---> If reaction is wrong, behaviour goes to erratic. If reaction is right, behaviour goes to calm, then observation. 
If observation is too long with no changes, engage mode dancing.

for 3D print:
- tree supports
- holes for the servo
- make the case tighter?

First priority should be to get the 3D module running and fix the servo to it, then everything else will come smoothly